# Odin Landing Page

Welcome to my Landing Page Website! This project is designed to showcase my HTML skills by creating a visually appealing and user-friendly site for a company home site.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Overview

This website provides a collection of delicious recipes, complete with ingredients, instructions, and images. The goal is to create a responsive and accessible site that highlights my expertise in HTML, CSS and web design.

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** The website is fully responsive, ensuring a great user experience on both desktop and mobile devices.
- **Image Gallery:** High-quality images that have been generated by Canva.

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5:** The core structure of the website, demonstrating semantic HTML and best practices.
- **CSS3:** For styling the website, including responsive design techniques.

## Installation

To view the website locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/sem-at-home/odin-landing-page.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd odin-landing-page
    ```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
    ```sh
    git checkout -b feature/YourFeature
    ```
3. Commit your changes:
    ```sh
    git commit -m 'Add some feature'
    ```
4. Push to the branch:
    ```sh
    git push origin feature/YourFeature
    ```
5. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## Contact

If you have any questions or feedback, feel free to contact me:

- **Email:** vanveldensem@gmail.com
- **GitHub:** [sem-at-home](https://github.com/sem-at-home)
- **LinkedIn:** [Sem van Velden](https://linkedin.com/in/semvvelden)

Thank you for visiting my Landing Page Website!